# 3rd Weekly Meeting - Jan 10 2022
This document is a brief overview of the meeting. See the full meeting on Youtube. (Link will be added)

## Agenda
- New member introductions
- Proposals and Donations
- Catalyst voting starts next week Jan 13th
- Direct donations framework
- Social engagement
## Attendees
Cem Karaca
Yoram Ben Zvi
Dimitri Fernando
Seomon B.
Ryan Vukich
Özgür Yaşar Akyar
Çağkan Acarbay
Dan Manning
Peter Van Garderen
Tyler Case
Melanie Russo
Keith Dalton

## Meeting Notes

### Proposals and Donations 

307 ADA donated so far: https://pool.pm/stake1u8nz5g4028kyag7aqx8n6yuu06tycckxvjpkrp8gjyr600grww68l

7 proposals made already: 
https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/14qHijbaG9Aza4HMicdf2a6YN1oC5BfVVkhoUb0w7uCM/edit#gid=212251982

### Tracking Impact, Loans vs Donations

Yoram’s suggestion on impact: Specify what to do with the donation. Eg. plant 1000 trees with 1000 ADA. Further discussion on tracking impact. KPI-s channel in Discord to discuss further.

Ozgur Akyar: Person who gets the donation should bring visibility to Littlefish. Best outcome for Littlefish is for the first cycle to prove Littlefish provides value. 

Kiva does 0 interest loans. Do we do something similar or stick with donations? Dan Manning: Microfinance default rates are around 2%. This is mostly due to microfinance loans being person to person relationships. 

### Direct Donations Framework
How can we implement direct donations to proposals?
- Instant Donations vs Recurring Donations
- We’ll need a rating system, especially for securing trust on recurring donations
- How do we build treasury within a direct donation system: Donate to Littlefish option.

Dimitri: How will a beneficiary be held accountable if they get lower than the amount they demanded?    

Yoram: Keep it simple first. Then scale.

For the second cycle, we should try direct donations instead. 

### Catalyst Voting

Vote for Littlefish One Pager?
Send one pager to Mihaela before Catalyst voting
Seomon: We should be OK with the rankings in the challenge.

### Social engagement

Cardano4Climate post Townhall? Each project we support could have a slide for their proposal.

## Outcomes
Direct Donations framework will be implemented
Create one pager to promote Littlefish
Create slidedeck for Littlefish proposals
Catalyst Swarm Session breakout room reservation for C4C slide deck (Seomon)



